Update Linux dev cert trust instructions (#33221)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/trustCertVSC.md

  dotnet dev-certs https --trust
  ```
  

>   Prior to 9.0, the preceding command doesn't work on Linux. See your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The preceding command requires .NET 9.0 or higher on Linux.  For Linux on .NET 8 and earlier, see your Linux distribution's documentation for trusting a certificate.
```
